To use Kye you'll need to
download the Kye A to your
desktop computer or mobile
device by going to Kyecom and
here you can click the downloads
link.
The site should automatically
detect the oerating system
you're using.
For examle here I see get Kye
for Windows so I could click
that to download the version for
the computer that I'm using.
If you're on a Mac you'll see
get Kye for Mac.
If you want to install Kye on
your phone or tablet visit the A
store on ale iOS devices or the
Google Play store for Android
devices.
Then you can search for and
download the Kye A I've already
downloaded and installed Kye
here on my windows computer and
I've inned it to the taskbar so
I can start it U right from
here.
O to use Kye you'll need to log
in with your account.
If you already have a Microsoft
account you can use that same
account to log in to Kye.
Some ways you might have already
created an account are if you
have a subscription to Microsoft
365, if you have a Hotmail or
Outlookcom e-mail address, or if
you have an Xbox Live account.
You can use any of these methods
to sign into Skype.
If you don't yet have a
Microsoft account, you can click
create one to create one, and
then walk through the steps to
create your account.
You'll then be able to sign in.
In this case, I'll sign in with
an account I already have and
I'll enter my password.
And once you're signed in, you
can start making and receiving
calls, sending and receiving
instant messages.
Or you can set your status so
people who have you in their
contacts lists can see your
availability.
Etting your status can give your
contacts a better idea of
whether they can expect an
immediate or a delayed reply
from you when they send you
messages.
Now, if you want to keep Kye
running but hide the A, you can
click the X button to close this
window.
You can see here, though, that
Kye is still running, and you'll
still receive notifications if
anyone messages or calls you.
You can bring the main window
back at any time by opening U
Kye again, either from the
taskbar if you have the icon pin
there, or you can do a search
for Kye and open it from here.
When you're done using Kye and
you want to completely sign out,
click this three dot menu and
then choose sign out.
I'm going to have it remember my
account and alication settings
so I don't have to sign in from
scratch each time I want to open
U Kye and now I can close this
window.
Once you've completely signed
out, your contacts will no
longer be able to see you online
or send you messages.
You can always restart Kye,
select your account & in to
make yourself available to
receive messages and calls
again.